**NOTE: The ideas and notes documented here have been done so retroactively as of the 9/9/2014 **

**Also, this sort of documentation might be a bit informal for now. I'll formalize it a bit more as needed.**




Project Summary: A GrubHub-like service associated with RIT Dining Services. We'll come up with a name later




We needed to define a need/problem.

At first, parking-related issues drew our attention. There is room for an app/webpage that can give students parking-related
information. Perhaps a map interface with color codes could be utilized to better visually inform the user on the lots closest to
their destination. Lot capacity can be monitored somewhow and alerts can be used to inform the user if a lot holds few or 
no parking spaces.

Dining-related issues on campus were also talked about--wait times considered the most problematic. Being in Golisano, we 
naturally gravitated towards the especially long lines at CtrlAltDeli...One thing led to another and we all settled on an 
"in-advance ordering system."




Generally speaking, our project will most likely be a web-based service allowing RIT students to find an on-campus spot nearest
to them and order in advance with their selected meal provider. Arriving at their destination, they find themselves greeted
with the food queued up earlier.

The primary target is freshmen, whom rely on the meal plans the most. To a lesser extent, we're targeting upperclassmen as well. 





The project brings some things into question:

Can all meal-providers utilize this system? Sol's Underground and CtrlAltDeli lack workforce to handle large loads, but locations
like Gracies lack the structure/tools. Scaling seems to be an issue here.

How do the workers on the other end queue the orders properly? Things will probably be automated, but will it be a sort of
'first come first serve' deal or will it be calculated based some algorithm using the student's relative distance? How much power
will the student have with regards to his place in the queue?

How does a student identify himself? Most likely though UID or standard RIT user login.

Color coded maps? Yes. We'll probably carry that over from our initial parking-related idea.

Barnes and Noble? Maybe?

Credit/Debit/Tiger Bucks functionality? This will probably be a matter of security.




Generally the project has to be easy to use for both the customer and the meal providers. After all, the project can't catch 
fire if it proves to cumbersome for Dining Services.
