Introduction
	Fallon --> Team Lead
	Nicholas --> Lead Documentor
	Ash --> Lead Programmer
	Roberto --> "Wild card"

Idea Presentation
	We are going to implement a pre-order campus food.

System Usage
The application is used to preorder food campus so that students could have the food they want premade, prepaid and ready to go when they arrive (given that they allow enough lead time to the resturant). The student will not have to worry about having time to get food before classes or test. The resturant owners will not have to worry about not getting paid since students will need to authenticate to the RIT Food Debit system and will get paid for "no shows". The application will be tailored for quick and easy usage so that students can get to class on time and not be hungry. Students can use the full application on their mobile phone or web based client and an internet connection but you can view the latest downloaded menu without an internet connection.

Why I should invest in your product
	Have you ever been late to class because you were hungry and had to wait in line to order then pay for food? We have as well and are sick of it!

What it does
	We thought long and hard of how to make the process of getting food on campus quicker.  Our solution is to have a mobile application that is tied to resturants on campus to allow you to order food.

Show me the cool
	This application allows the user to order and pay for food while traveling to go to class, labs  or complete homework in the library

What do you envision it will look like
	The application will be very minimal and flow the user through the process of ordering food then will notify the user on the task bar when the food is ready to be picked up. The notification will also have a confirmation phrase that will be said by the customer to the employee on pick up.

Why people want/need it
	People need this application so that they can come to class nurished and hydrated so that they can be closer to an optimal learning state.
