Designing for sneses
	1. Audio
	2. Visual
	3. Tactile (pressure, ibration, pain, etc.)
	4. smell
	5. Taste

Audio
	A primary snsory input channel for humans
	benefit of auditory displays is they do not require user's visual attention to ocnvey signal
	deafness is considered more dibilitation than blindness, with hearing goes the primary communication channel
	20% of American workers have significant hearing loss
	common errors in sound localization are front-back reversals. with sound source equidistant from two ears. Inter-aural cues are elminated
	Humans not good at localizing ery low frequencies. Some stereos only have  one woofer
	shape of pinna acts as a comb filter for sounds arriving from certain directions. Used in auditory VR - sounds recorded with microphones embeedded in ear forms
	Ambulance sirens use a sombination of alternating high and low frequencies and abrupt on-set and of the signal to capitalize on a ll of the available space localization cues

Visual
	depth cues
		monocular
			relative size
			linear perspective
			interposition/occulsion
			texture gradient
				shading with bluish tint and haziness of more objects
			shading
				
			height in field
			aerial perspective
		Bioncular disparity
		motion parallax
Touch
	Cutaneous
		temperature
		pressure
		vibration
		pain
		itch
	Muscles & Tendons
		kinesthesia - sense of limb movement
		proprioception -sense of joint position (stretch, tension)
	Hands and mouth have most control for most people

Cutaneous Senses
	Pressure, pain, temperature, vibrations
		useful for not needing to see or feel it
Vestibular Sense
	apparent motion can be an effective alerting signal
	mis-matching between vestibular sense and vision --> motion sickness
	boat or plan
		vision: still (with respect to cabin walls)
			moving
	simulator
		vision: moving (with respect to virtual world)
		still
Kinesthesia and proprioception
	receptors in the joints, muscle tendons and in the skin
	critical for motor control and also plays an important role in feedback from mechanical systems
Taste and Smell
	closesly related
	much of teaste is actually smell
		seems like you cant taste when nose is congested
	rarely used in UI design
	methyylmercaptan ---additive to natural gass



Attention Sensing and Perception
	parallel search
	Perceptual conspicuity
	cognitive conspicuity / expectation
	capacity/ workload/interference

Unattened Information sneaking
	dihoctic 

	Automaticity
		no attentional resoures needed
		over-learned activities (consitent relationship between stimuli and response)
		doesnt interfere with other activities
		no conscious use

		8
		8
		10

		conceptual model of events allows us to classify them into those relevant and those not relevant, dramaticallysimplifying life: we attend t othe relevant and only monitor the ireelevant [subconsiciouly]

